Add tutorial steps for manage dependencies (#3)
AICoE/manage-dependencies-tutorial: README.md

> # Thoth Tutorial - manage your dependencies in Jupyter notebooks.
> 
> This tutorial is used to show how to manage dependencies for Jupyter Notebooks using Python to allow reproducibility and shareability.
> 
> Even though many developers (including data scientists) focus on their core problems when working on their experiments, there is one aspect that can make these projects not reusable.
> One of the first step during the development of a project is the `selection of libraries or dependencies`. When someone run `pip install <package-name>`, they might not be aware that togheter with the library that is going to be installed, a direct dependency, many other dependencies will be installed on your machine, so called transitive dependencies. Any change in one of those dependencies can brake your experiment. It's fundamental to have a way to state all the dependencies used, including the operating system, python interpreter and hardware that was used to run a certain experiment.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Thoth Tutorial - manage your dependencies in Jupyter notebooks.

This tutorial is used to show how to manage dependencies for Jupyter Notebooks using Python to allow reproducibility and shareability.

Even though many developers (including data scientists) focus on their core problems when working on their experiments, there is one aspect that can make these projects not reusable.
One of the first steps during the development of a project is the `selection of libraries or dependencies`. When someone runs `pip install <package-name>`, they might not be aware that along with the library that is going to be installed, a direct dependency, many other dependencies will be installed on your machine, so called transitive dependencies. Any change in one of those dependencies can break your experiment. It's fundamental to have a way to state all the dependencies used, including the operating system, python interpreter and hardware that was used to run a certain experiment.

```

[Project Thoth][1] keeps dependencies up to date by giving recommendations through developer's daily tools. Thanks to this service, developers (including data scientists) do not have to worry about managing the dependencies after they are selected, since conflicts can be handled by Thoth bots and automated pipelines. Having this AI support can benefit AI projects, offering improvements such as performance improvements due to optimized dependencies and additional security since insecure libraries cannot be introduced. If you want to know more, have a look at [Thoth's website](https://thoth-station.ninja/docs/developers/adviser/integration.html).

Within the different Thoth integations, in this tutorial we are going to focus on the JupyterLab extension for dependency management, which is called [jupyterlab-requirements][2].

> You can use this extension for each of your notebook to guarantee they have the correct dependencies. This extension is able to add/remove dependencies, lock them and store them in the notebook metadata. In this way all the dependencies information required to repeat the environment are shipped with the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this extension for each of your notebooks to guarantee they have the correct dependencies. This extension is able to add/remove dependencies, lock them and store them in the notebook metadata. In this way, all the dependencies information required to repeat the environment are shipped with the notebook.
```

> In particular, in the notebook metadata you will find:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, the following notebook metadata is created for you, when you use Thoth's dependency management tool:
```

## What you will learn with this tutorial?

At the end of this tutorial you will be able to manage dependencies for your projects in Jupyter Notebooks, enabling others to reproduce what you did and allowing them to contribute to it. The last section will teach also how to enable [Kebechet Bot][5] to keep dependencies automatically up to date for you and how you can setup and use automatic pipelines from [AICoE CI][6] to create release and images of your projects that you can easily share with others.

## Where you will run this tutorial?

[Operate First][1] is an open infrastructure environment started at Red Hat's Office of the CTO. It has been selected to run this tutorial since it is an open source initiative that fulfills all the requirements stated above. Anyone with a Google account can log in and start developing. To learn more about Operate First, visit the [website](https://www.operate-first.cloud/) or [GitHub community](https://github.com/operate-first).

[Operate First][1] hosts [Open Data Hub][3] with all the tools provided for Data Science projects (e.g. JupyterHub, Elyra, Kubeflow Pipelines, Seldon, Prometheus, Grafana, Superset) running on [Red Hat Openshift][4].

> ## Why the tutorial repository has this structure?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does the tutorial repository have this structure?
```

> The project template used can be found here: [project template][7]. It shows correlation between data scientist needs (e.g. data, notebooks, models) and AI DevOps engineers ones (e.g. manifests). Having structure in a project ensures all the pieces required for the ML and DevOps lifecycles are present and easily discoverable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project template used can be found here: [project template][7]. It shows correlation between a data scientist needs (e.g. data, notebooks, models) and that of an AI DevOps engineer (e.g. manifests). Having structure in a project ensures all the pieces required for the ML and DevOps lifecycles are present and easily discoverable.
```

# Thoth Tutorial - manage your dependencies in Jupyter notebooks.

This tutorial is used to show how to manage dependencies for Jupyter Notebooks to allow reproducibility and shareability. You will learn how to move from local to cloud development using [Operate First][1] environment and how you can enable contributions on your project.

Once the tutorial is completed, you will be able to run your work on [Project Meteor][2].

> 

Reviewer 2: I believe that this introduction should be expanded.

A great video on the topic is your [espresso series episode about dependency management](https://youtu.be/ifyQ2oSxjnU). Maybe add some of that content here? and/or link to the video itself?

Author: Thanks @codificat !, I added link to video and a little bit more description in the step that actually focus on the dependency management. I think we can copy that part also in the main README.

## Environment and Tools

In this tutorial the following technologies are going to be used:

> - [jupyterlab-requirements][3] library. ([Project Thoth][4], JupyterLab extension for dependency management)
> - [JupyterHub][5] to launch images with Jupyter tooling.

Reviewer 2: Maybe better to put the "big one" first? Also, links are swapped. 

```suggestion
- [JupyterHub][4] to launch notebook images with Jupyter tooling.
- [jupyterlab-requirements][3] library, a JupyterLab extension for dependency management from [Project Thoth][5].
```

> If you use the [Operate First][1] environment, the above requirements will be already setup for you selecting `elyra-image` from [JupyterHub][5].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the [Operate First][1] environment, the above requirements are met by selecting `elyra-image` from JupyterHub.
```

> ### Operate First Open Environment

Reviewer 2: There are references to Operate First before this description of what it is.
Can we put the description earlier? Probably in the initial introduction?

Author: Totally make sense! Thanks @codificat !

If you want to use this template for your AI project, go to this [project template][6] and click the `Use the template` button provided in the repository for your new projects.

<div style="text-align:center">
<img alt="AI Project Template" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AICoE/manage-dependencies-tutorial/master/docs/images/AIProjectTemplate.png">
</div>

## Automated pipelines and bots for your GitHub project

- [Kebechet Bot][7] to keep your dependencies fresh and up to date receiving recommendations and justifications using AI.

- [AICoE CI][8] to support your AI project lifecycle.

All these tools are integrated with the [project template][6], so most additions are already set for you.
These bots and pipelines exist to automate many of the manual GitOps tasks. For example, in order to deploy your application, you may need to create a container image. GitHub templates integrated with bots can provide you with automated pipelines triggered depending on what you need (e.g. release (patch, minor, major), deliver a container image, or update your dependencies).

## GitOps for reproducibility, portability, traceability with AI support

> Nowadays, developers (including data scientists) use Git and GitOps practices to store and share code on development platforms such as GitHub. GitOps best practices allow for reproducibility and traceability in projects.

Reviewer 2: This is all very interesting, but I think it is a bit unclear to the newcomer how does this apply to the topic of this tutorial: what is the relationship of GitOps with dependency management? do I need a project template so that I can manage my dependencies?

Maybe have a section called "Context" or "Background" with all these topics and references?

Author: Thanks! We can definetly expand and separate that part in background section!!
